# Enhancement

Enhancement            | Github link                                                | Description
-----------------------|------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------
Metamask Enhancement   | https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/4405   | Current browser services do not load decentralized domain names, such as ‘.eth’. Hence, Portal Network implemented an integration of ENS and IPFS to enhance MetaMask’s browser extension, which turns regular browsers into ÐWeb supported ones. This is important to create seamless experience for user adoption. Since the implementation, any users with the latest metamask installed can easily browse decentralized website stored on IPFS with ENS. This enhancement helps any users to easily view decentralized website with their a website browser
EIP - 1062: Enhance ENS Resolver | https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-1062.md | We proposed the standard which describes the implementation of how to combine the IPFS cryptographic hash unique fingerprint with the ENS public resolver. This standard provides functionality to get and set IPFS online resources to the ENS resolver. This standard not only aims to allow more developers and communities to provide use cases, but also leverages its human-memorizable feature to gain more user adoption of accessing decentralized resources. The motivation behind this is that the IPFS ENS resolver mapping standard is a cornerstone for building the future of the Web3.0 service.
ENS - PR279 Support setMultihash and Multihash on Public Resolver Contract referenced spec defined in EIP 1062 | https://github.com/ensdomains/ens/pull/279 | We implemented the setter and getter methods into the smart contract with the related testing cases according to the accepted proposals EIP 1062. The new version of ethereum name service smart contract will therefore have the ability to resolve the hashes from different network.
ECIP - 1044 Enhance the ECNS Resolver Smart Contract | https://github.com/ethereumproject/ECIPs/pull/94 | Ethereum Classic having a similar architecture and spec of the ECNS smart contract with Ethereum, we proposed the enhancement of the resolver contract to support multihashes into the ECNS resolver.
ECNS - PR3 Implement setMultihash and multihash on Public Resolver contract referenced the spec defined in ECIP 1044 | https://github.com/EthereumCommonwealth/ECNS/pull/3 | Since Ethereum Classic has the same core as ethereum, we enhanced the Ethereum Classic Name Service smart contract with the setter and getter hash methods according to the ECIP 1044. Ethereum Classic Name Service has the ability to resolve the hashes from different protocols. 

